I've been busy lately
I don't want to hear so much.
But you just have to remember
Misty Rain Town Theme Park
We must adhere to the design
Romantic fearless
And warm
Mr. You means
The design concept of Misty Rain Town
To be like the love between Mr. You and his wife
I see.
Hey, I understand, I understand, I understand, I understand.
We must work hard
Let the love of Mr. And Mrs. You
Take root in real life as soon as possible
immortal
Haha good haha
Well, hahaha, you don't have to be hyped up
Let me take this.
All I want is a unique one
A carefully crafted theme park
So I don't need you to be moved.
Just do it well
brother
Mi'er called me and said she couldn't get in touch with my sister-in-law
The old lady said she went with you
No
He sent me out the door and went back
No go